hello youtubers my name is x-factor
today we're going to unbox the fastest
GPU on the market it's the EVGA GTX 780
Ti edition super clock with a CX cooling
man that's a mouthful try saying that
five times fast well we get to the
goodies inside the box all right you
caught me I cheated a little bit
that's right the box is on top of the
goodies I actually slid everything out
so let's take a look at everything that
comes in the box first off we're looking
at the different ways that you can set
this up with your power supply there's
five different options so more than
likely there's an option to fit your
needs here but if you're buying a car
like this you already know what kind of
power supply you need and then a BIOS
warning your motherboard BIOS might be a
little bit up-to-date outdated you might
need to update that and then we have the
user guide which most of you guys will
not need it shows you how to hook up the
two-way the three way and the four play
sli for this card because it can go four
way sli next we've got the back ports on
this thing the HDMI the DisplayPort
a DVID and DVI I just like the other
seven 70s and seven 80s that are already
out on the market some enthusiasts build
stickers they've been doing these for a
while I remember getting a couple of
these I believe with my 500 series and
my 600 series I think it was a 674 the
win I ran those in SLI for a little bit
and then here's what I really liked this
is the badge that I traditionally put on
my computer it's meaty it's got some
bulk to it and it's got some depth to it
as well I really like this badge I wish
more manufacturers did badges like these
in their own little way and then a
driver of sorts I always recommend
downloading the latest drivers on the
Nvidia website that's always served me
well so take a look at that then of
course in EVGA fashion this is probably
the game yep game poems poster that you
guys can undo and take a look at so we
already talked about this packaging how
it's a heck of a lot more stable and
sturdy and this is kind of neat
these sides pop off and of course you've
got an array of different power supply
goodies DVI or DVID port and then some
more power supply goodies all wrapped up
like they have always been so let's take
a look at this car let's see
it's wow it's heavy this is a steel so a
lot heavier than my EVGA GTX 780 Super
clock with a CX this feels a lot meteor
now there's probably a reason for that
there is more to this card it's not just
a rebadged 780 it's actually been beefed
up quite a bit and this is completely
sealed on this side so this is the side
that we want to enter take a look at
this there's also a backplate on this
alright so let's take a look at some of
the differences here alright there's
that plastic protection all the way
around as you can see it's the badge TI
and there's double plastic here that you
can remove and depending on what card
you had it was a seven 70 or seventy
eighty sometimes this was a goldish
color sometimes it was a silver color
like it is now but they really beefed up
this card it looks like it just feels a
lot heavier now I noticed something
there's a backplate in there it's
actually on the inside I don't know if
you guys could see it right there it's
actually on the inside now my
imagination says this card is heavier it
needed more support because how's your
computer usually sit the card usually
sits sideways just like this so all that
weight is pulling down that's a pretty
smart move not to mention that this
thing looks like it's ready to go on a
multitude of layers so the ACS cooling
these things are supposedly 70 times
stronger 25% lighter I mean they've
dumped off a lot of weight from these
things and the ball bearings are
scheduled or set to last up to 12 years
so I've run the GTX 770 and the 780
previous these things run extremely cool
and almost dead silent
it's really nice when your games under
load and you don't have a blow
dryer in your ear here we have the side
and you can see all the heat sinks for
the memory and of course the actual GPU
itself and then of course all the covers
for the ports on this side most of your
hot air will be coming out here not all
of it but most of it will and I've never
had a problem with my temperatures I've
had the coolest running systems I've
ever had running the EVGA GTX 770 with a
CX and then the 780 in SLI with the a6
cooling but now we're gonna go down to a
single 780ti I'm really impressed with
the weight of this card actually that's
always a good sign the last thing you
want to get is something high in and
it'd be super flimsy and fragile
hopefully you guys enjoyed this quick
unboxing of the GTX 780 Ti super clock
with the AC X cooling if you guys have
any questions or comments leave them
down below I will be showcasing this in
my new battlefield 4 computer bill and
of course I'll be doing reviews on a
multitude of different settings in
battlefield 4 thanks for watching thanks
for hanging out we'll see you guys soon